>> On Gaia Events Plus--
>>MICHAEL BECKWITH: You can
manifest the kind of life
you wish to experience.
In order for you to be set
free, you have to forgive.
>> This week on
Gaia, new series.
>> ALAN GREEN: We've barely
been able to scratch the surface
of those so-called
wrong numbers,
and every single one of them
connects a certain part of one
play to another play,
seemingly unrelated.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith--
>>TARA SWART: We don't talk
about hardwiring anymore.
We talk about
softwiring, which means
that even something that's
been there for a very long time
can be not undone
but overwritten.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory--
>>BEN STEWART: I think when
history seems to speed up,
it's doing that for a reason.
And it's here to show us that
the old world or the old order
is coming to an end.
>> On "The Arc of Time--"
>>RICARDO GONZALEZ
CORPANCHO: There
are objects of power
capable of interacting
with that vital field
of light of the Earth.
I'm talking about a mystery
that we know as the solar disks.
>> On a new season of
"Cosmic Disclosure--"
>>RICHARD C. DOTY: All
of a sudden, the light
came towards them.
Her girlfriend panicked, and
she ran back towards the car.
But Cady sat there,
because Cady knew
that her friends were coming.
>> Only on Gaia.